¥ Fix player sometimes resetting to beginning of first story when play button pressed, instead of remembering its place in the list.
¥ Have player pause when it loses audio focus ("ducks") so audio isn't drowned out. DONE (needs testing)
¥ Change "Download today's stories" to "Download available stories" (or something to that effect)
¥ Player buttons (rewind, play, pause, next)
	- Implement next button pressed (so user knows that it's been pressed)
	- Activate and change graphic for rewind button, and make it move story back X seconds (X = 10, 30?) DONE (though needs to change when pressed)
	- Combine play and pause buttons into 1 button that toggles between images appropriately
¥ Ability to abort download ("cancel download" button and stopservice command?)
¥ Check for data connection (see how FeedReader does this)
¥ Check that available stories are newer than those already downloaded?
¥ Format each list entry better (show, title, well-formatted date, duration--maybe make each entry expandable?)
¥ Put more space between stories in list
¥ Change app title
¥ Change app icon
¥ Figure out how to handle saved position between app uses (set to 0 when a download is performed? have play button play highlighted story otherwise (right now play button just starts from first story when app started up fresh))
¥ Have paused story stay in notification bar and be available to be restarted at paused position at any time (the way ES handles this)
¥ Warn user when there's no Internet connection (take them to settings?)
¥ What happens when stories downloaded while audio is playing, and how should that be handled?
¥ Voice commands

Done
¥ Fix next story not starting when previous ends 
¥ Change radio buttons and single download button to 2 buttons (one for each show) and a heading ("Download today's stories")
¥ Audio continues to play when UI not in foreground
¥ Seekbar shows story playback progress
¥ Highlight story in list that's currently playing or paused
¥ Moved CustomAdapter class to its own file
¥ Troubleshoot why list doesn't update after download done when activity not in foreground (intent not "sticking around"?) 
¥ SeekBar to allow for moving within story
¥ Story titles instead of file names in story list